# This repository contains our Project #2 files
##Self-critique
From an overall design perspective, this project finally caused the concept of modular scale to "click", as well as appropriate palette usage (even though the palette usage was discarded later). I'm especially happy with picking up and running with jquery for the first time, taking it to dynamically loading json data, rendering that data as information on page, and then hooking up meaningful events to it. Resolving browser issues with firefox also proved to be fruitful as it displayed the difference in event calls that caused an initial issue. The iterative design taken on the courses resulted in a much more refined approach than my original intent, causing "happy accidents" that ended up in my final design.
##Group Member Critique
Even though we had some communication difficulties, I believe we worked quite well as a team, resolving that communication later on after I took a more active role coordinating. Eun's image manipulation skills were particularly useful, which would be improved by more experimentation with scaling cut offs. Leydi's handle on the core elements of css manipulation came to the forefront when she merged the css styles together for the final push. Katherine came through on Project 3, conducting the user testing, but has some communication difficulties that caused us to assume that she had not completed the testing, resulting in a late submission. She had a similar difficulty throughout Project 2, though we discovered that directly prompting her with deadlines became effective.